Uttar Pradesh:
Highest number of alcohol consumers in India - around 3.4 Cr
65% of market is hooch
states biggest tax resource
25CR liters annually
2018-19 Excise collection 23918 CR
Average daily sale - 70-80Cr
25600 liquor stores in UP
75% IMFL
UP guzzles down 50 lakh litres of alcohol on New Year's eve. On New Year's eve, 31 lakh litres of countryside 'desi' liquor was sold as well.
18 lakh bottles of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) were sold
Sale of beer touched a staggering 23 lakh bottles
On an average, 1.60 crore bottles of IMFL and 2.9 crore bottles of beer are sold every month
A few states, such as Uttar Pradesh, have imposed a “special duty on liquor” to collect funds for special purposes, such as maintenance of stray cattle.
A report published by the Reserve Bank of India last September (‘State Finances: A Study of Budgets of 2019-20’) shows that state excise duty on alcohol accounts for around 10-15 per cent of Own Tax Revenue of a majority of states.
According to the RBI report, in 2019-20, state GST had the highest share, 43.5%, in states’ Own Tax Revenue, followed by Sale Tax at 23.5% (mainly on petroleum products which are out of GST), state excise at 12.5%, and taxes on property and capital transactions at 11.3%.

In fact, state excise duties on liquor is the second or third largest contributor to the category State’s Own Tax revenue; sales tax (now GST) is the largest. This is the reason states have always wanted liquor kept out of the purview of GST.

Excise table (Crore):
State  		2018-19		2019-20
UTTAR PRADESH	25100		31517
Karnataka	19750		20950
Maharashtra	15343		17477
WB		10554		11873
Telangana	10313		10901

Key states

Available research indicates that approximately 80% of college students drink and that half of student engage in heavy episodic drinking. 

One reason why UP collects the highest is that it levies only excise duty on manufacture and sale of liquor. It does not collect VAT separately, unlike states such as Tamil Nadu, whose VAT collections do not reflect in the excise duty collections.
UP increased cost of liquor in May to collect 2350Cr additional
UP might sell liquor in aluminium & tetra packs

30% population consume alcohol daily, 11% are moderate to heavy drinkers
Average indian consumers 4.3 liter per year while rural indian consumes 11.4L per year

Of all deaths due to alcohol, 28% were from injuries, such as those from traffic crashes, self-harm and interpersonal violence; 21% due to digestive disorders; 19% due to cardiovascular diseases, and the remaining due to infectious diseases, cancers, mental disorders and other health conditions.


MAHARASHTRA:


Problem - 
Underage drinking
Laws arent followed or enforced
Cross state differences
Scams & no clarity to bartenders
No personal tracking of high drinking

More states are lifting bans because illegal drinking is happening anyway



No guidance
Early alcoholism
Society impacts
Health system costs

deaths, underage, 33L deaths, chronic alocoholism leads to poverty, According to a study, over 88 percent of Indians aged under 25 purchase or consume alcoholic beverages even though it is illegal. This was despite bans on alcohol in some states across the country and limitations on sales in some others.
- No way to track high consumption
- * For those young people who are still in adolescence, it can interfere with their normal development if they consume alcohol. This type of behavior can particularly interfere with crucial mental development that occurs at this age.
* Underage drinking is closely related to teen suicide.
* It encourages sexual promiscuity.
* Those people who drink at an early age are far more likely to develop alcoholism.
* It can mean that these young people perform badly at school or college. This means that their opportunities in the future will be limited.
* Even those who are young can develop alcoholism and all the physical and mental problems that come with this.
* There are many teenagers who use alcohol as a stepping stone to harder drugs.

The survey noted that "the law pertaining to underage consumption, purchase and even selling (alcohol) is non-existent and there has been no recorded enforcement drive to check the legal age of those consuming alcohol or those selling alcohol to underage consumers by police or by excise department."

solution - license, guidance, control, underage drinking, compliance with law, application of law, awareness, hoarding?, statewise laws, control alerts, finance, clarity in instructions to bartenders & staff etc, extortion to foreigners and extra permit costs, show state of residence on license, show rules by state & avoid cross state drinking, stop scammers, reporting, less violations & fines
Suporting stats - India & UP
business model - ?? Truevibes & Mobisoft partnership, server & data sharing, audits, analytics
flow of process








Chartered Accountant Roles & Responsibilities:

For Company Launch:

Business consultancy
RBI & other compliances
Presentation to RBI
Drafting exclusivity agreement for partners
3rd party agreement with other vendors like trainers, artists, agencies, packaging etc.
KYC/AML compliance

For Company Operations: 
Maintain accounting & tax management (Recording, reporting, returns, P&L statements, balance sheet)
Auditing, financial analysis, risk management & advise on financial business modeling
Compliance with national, state or local legal requirments & advise on internal controls to be applied
Detection & prevention of malpractices & fraud
Carry out RBI approval renewal activity or any other governmental permissions & approvals

