App feedback

Upon first launch, 1st screen is fine in black background, rest should be white white. Need logo on each screen along with art
Logo needs to be bit bigger in first screen
Need to reflect discount, credit and no wallet theme in the following 3 screens - More art, less text to read please
Some of the texts will need some amendments - We will fix as we go
Can there be other ways to receive OTP like calling or authenticator apps, if phone network isn’t good?
Can we give users option to choose city nationally? This needed for later analytics
Among preferences, add pet friendly, child friendly, live performance/artist, Rooftop, brewery, Global cuisine, Lounge, Games 
Can we have an option to select my favourite cuisine items e.g. Ice cream, pav bhaji, seekh kabab, biryani etc?
About credit button, show the best offer available - e.g. pay in 3 monthly EMIs
Dont use credit term - need to use a more friendly term e.g. pre-approved, DNPL, Pay Later
Hi “Customer name” needed at top somewhere, to make it feel personal
Need also to highlight 10% discount options somehow
Also need to show higher discount for bank customers e.g. 12% for Cosmos customers
Credit offer logo in the bottom must reflect WAIU branding instead of rupee/arrow signs
On NBFC bullet selection screen, show what’s the main difference in their offerings /USP - Do it wherever its shown
We don’t have credit wallet anymore, so need to remove that reference. WAIU wallet will be there as normal for showing cashback received by paying immediately
Remove photo upload option
While sorting for restaurant near me, also add alcohol (alongside veg/nveg), in cuisines selection add Korean, continental, 

Restaurant overview tab:
Need a ‘read more’ link towards the end of description text, to expand to show the entire text - it was there earlier but looks like missed out in new screens
Cuisine needs header symbol - it was there earlier but looks like missed out in new screens
Add both pay now and pay later buttons  with slight info about them, & take it to either payment gateway or lender option screen as clicked
Add video option at top of merchant screen - Any way we can autoplay video when user click on restaurant to see details?
For features & service - can be show icons and symbols instead of text?

Restaurant Photos tab:
Have Photo background as black
In photo category like ambience, food, also show drinks, events, videos, lounge

Restaurant Credit Offers menu:
Name it only as “Top Offers”, instead of ‘Credit Offers’
Top offers page needs to be more exciting - maybe add a quirky note above the options 
Also maybe just make it a bullet list to select and apply button in bottom - lets not add additional click 
On NBFC detail screen, limit text to about 7-10 seconds read  - Early salary example is to long although the table is good - Need to remove Rates from there
Button should just say “Apply now’ or ‘Get pre approved now’

General:
Remove upcoming lending partners section, its sensitive info
Waiu contact/support link is needed somewhere, along with T&C, policy details etc.
Can we give user also the option to select personal preferences, with options as - Travel, music genres, games, extrovert/introvert, interested in events, movie, comedy, sports, hiking, architecture, countryside etc. This is mainly needed for future analytics
On My Favourites scree , can we show similar restaurants (based on cuisine, location, or some of the above preferences/filter, values of which are mandatory to be captured from the merchants?)
Upi ID - can’t remember what we agreed about it
